hi everyone will just go back from asda
what we've got this week I'm Georgie
yeah you've been to our so we've got to
go pick Bobby Bobby and friendly up in
am in anguish I've got some jalapeno
hummus for tens of energy drink and to
these meatballs are things they were a
pound yeah a pound each three teams
beans and sausages a little angels map
is yeah some of this hair gel some
shower gel is your face wash and some
strawberry yogurts and some toothbrushes
three packs of baby white some sir and
some deodorant and some toilet roll and
we've gone a bit over bottom of escapes
the car and we're off to a football
tournament on Saturday so they always
come in handy for the tournaments but
digestives melted milk in oak crumbles
they were like three for a pound we've
got some of these go ahead bars two
packs of jaffa cakes some ref you suck
spin bugs and some kingsmill 5050 best
of both dams noodle I'm some gold rose
coffee and some doritos the chili heat
wave 1 which where the juice 250p and
we've got a really random orange pepper
and then we've got some and some of
these candy floss flavored grapes which
sounded really interested in a lot of
people have been like okay just wait a
minute a lot of people have been posting
about them so I thought we'd keep going
to go and we've got some flavors from
baking potato granulated sugar washing
up liquid and some what is that blue
Belen bears your mark come over some
honey cheerios
some easy peel is to capture those from
British baby potatoes which was reduced
59 pens and we've got from fiery chilies
thin chillies you can see them in there
and then over there I've got some frozen
veg mixed vegetables and buckling
Kalevala and then I've got well do three
four packs of the girls and her chicken
some chicken Kiev's and some Caribbean
wedges and feta cheese some oven chips
but these silly for when he goes to work
just for a change from sandwiches and
like comma pop rice Poppins in microwave
oven and and we've got strong beef mince
and some full fat milk whole milk then
over here I've got some normal red
grapes some bananas broccoli some onions
tomatoes some more chilies in very good
a rather large lettuce some they down
mustard some celery cucumber two bags of
apple and some semi skimmed milk and
some hazelett and then over here I went
to poundstretcher comes into the dentist
today oh we've been to pound I went to
the dentist and power structure have to
walk straight through there and so and I
got this is what I got on there got some
wood floor cleaner because everything's
a pound in there poundland i think is um
some toilet doc don't touch them the
poisonous Georgie and some anti backs
tip anti back plus a multi-purpose
cleaner some pledge furniture spray some
of this arm and hammer toothpaste and
another toilet cleaner for what the
upstairs bathroom
and then I got some mr. muscle bathroom
cleaner and on these I spent 14 3 4 5 6
7 7 pounds in there just on this and in
as did it in as days we spent 82 pounds
so I didn't go mad on the meat and stuff
this week because I do plan on going
back to where do we go aldi yeah I'm
going to go back to aldi and get that
separately I think I've spent way more
than what i would have usually booked
because we was in that area town it was
easier and quicker to go to ask this
because it's quite quite free oh yes now
that and quiet yeah it's caught 23 and
I've got to go get Bobby and Frankie
from school soon so I need to get this
all put away in the space of about 20
minutes hmm Wow should be home yeah I'll
see